here it
[Music]
comes to the rounds with the Twisted
Coke here some balloons go up and smoke
take a deep breath try not to choke
intoxication kiss a poison get your real
gone grab you on the low play it online
with the witch fly home spit high five
on the microphone the dop so good they
Minds all blown magic of the Cal The Man
Who Laughs in the purple trees light be
got the sticky icky make you sneeze
Twilight Zone ha the jelly beans I run
with a Georgia Queen MK Ultra project
Monarch drug the
population like who on did you think
they were experimenting now sugar skull
wizard Walks By Fire King cast a spell
hot purple for the eyes Beetle Juice or
the clown boo Penny wise hail Satan
Gypsy Queen of the cachi
co knows what I mean burnning purple
licks sing with the
muses orious
oh God welcome back to Lady
Babylon that so sets the mood for
initiating apocalypse thank you chewy
and thank you teddy base that's gorgeous
oh play that one over and over oh God
it's just full of it it's thick with
that
radiation can ring it out like a
sponge you know what I mean I love it I
love it and I'd love to be back with you
satanic congregation it's such a nice
place to
be I want to hear your voices more and
more I want to be able to bring up your
thoughts out there and to be able to
flash those up so people can see those
and say oh I see the
vibrations look at that it's a wave
perpetuates itself it's gorgeous I love
it oh here we go we're going in deep
tonight right we're not just going to
jump in look we're GNA be perfectly
civil about this but I got to warn you
this is quite this is quite the
deal I'm going to show you some text
tonight we're going to get a little bit
of the black
Bible a little bit of that we're going
to watch the
mystery right up front just a front row
seat with these sources now I want to
tell you beforehand any of the sources
that I give you that are not in Greek um
that are in Coptic I'm using some CTIC
sources in um those I have to give you
the translation we have to rely on the
translation together
fortunately those CTIC
translations are translations of Greek
so if you have ancient Greek you can see
what is in the CTIC and sometimes the
cic you know the concept will be a
little bit but it'll capture the Greek
term right it's because those are cic
translations of what are original Greek
right oh God it's gorgeous that's the
art of translation not the art of
forgery tonight I'm going to show you
right in your face
forged Hebrew text one that you have
been
reading okay it's a mystery just to
figure out how it was done but it's done
so sloppily in the case that I brought
you tonight as investigators we going
there tonight we're going to see those
ancient languages come to life again oh
God I love it come here
come here oh come here ancient language
just let me speak
you oh I've got a lot of catharsis to do
tonight I appreciate you allowing me to
purge while I'm talking with you please
talk to me more come on give me a little
bit more okay uh let's go ahead and dive
in let's go ahead and dive in now the
first one right off the bat chewy hit
the hit the hyper drive please
it's too bad we couldn't have run a
little clip for you there or something
but that's the internet that we deal
with here Way Off the Grid out in the
middle of a black hole the souls I'm
sorry but people every once in a while
I'm glad that happened Che we right off
the bat we went to e
okay okay good fantastic happened a
couple of times there Riot big black
hole you know what that was a bunch of
souls getting sucked into this
necromantic
Castle oh
God chewy we got to get that hyperdrive
fixed right does anybody know where to
where we can work on that yeah glow res
it's yeah don't you love it you love it
some people love it it's you know kind
of exciting it's like old technology
like you're from the future and I'm from
the past wouldn't that be funny wouldn't
that be funny if you all found out I
don't really
[Music]
[Laughter]
exist I'm dead no here I am look I'm
breathing and I have Mojo that's all
that matters give me the next one give
me the first slide go hit it Chey where
am I taking you guys tonight right I
have seen this new sight listen I'm
we're with a
midw right just put let's just read the
text and the Midwife came out of the
cave and Salam met her oh that's such a
sexy sexy name and she said to her
salame salame I have a new sight to tell
you a virgin has brought forth a thing
which her nature does not allow and
Salam said as the Lord my God Lives
unless I put forward my finger and test
her condition will not believe that a
virgin has brought
forth oh what is that with the
finger that is technically a palpation
right you are
palpating um it's a form of kology right
she wants to test she wants to see for
herself right oh and what
happens now people remember this is all
from gospel right I'm going to be
bringing you tonight the Gospel of Mary
gospel of Mary Magdalene I'm going to be
bringing you some of the black Bible and
I just call it the black Bible
because the
LIE of
Christianity the great lie of
Christianity
is that we have a great inspired word of
God and everything else outside of it
no
no these are not
keepers of the museum here at the Museum
we look at everything and we draw our
conclusions based on everything so I'm
giving you stuff that most people don't
have tonight and it's going to a picture
of you that for you that's frightening
so let's get them into it it's
frightening and it's sexy at the same
time so it should be fantastic give me
give me the next one what happened here
people look oh this is between different
com and salame went
in right okay let's go to this right and
the Midwife went in and said to Mary
make yourself ready for there is no
small contention concerning you and when
Mary heard this she made herself ready
right for the exam and salame put
forward her finger to test her condition
and she cried out saying wo for my
wickedness and my unbelief for I have
tempted the Living God and behold get to
the point Soo much drama my hand falls
away from me consumed by
fire consumed by fire what is coming out
of
Mary right what is coming out of her
mother what kind of special female stuff
is going on here did you not see that
we're with
midwives we're with midwives isn't that
nice look we jump back in time to
midwives it's a brilliant gorgeous
science you know what I mean these women
know all the
drugs it's where all the drugs are
coming from who do you think think those
wives were of those sons of God with all
their drugs and rock and
roll yeah this is them oh God Give me
the give me the next one look people and
behold an angel of the Lord stood before
Salam now remember remember we are in
the drug rights of the
Mysteries right now you're going to
observe ve people hearing things and
seeing things and interacting with
invisible forces don't worry don't let
it scare you okay okay the ones I I told
my students this week and take that go
ahead and take that down for a second I
want to digress I told my students this
week that I found a form of a
pharmacological word or a pharmaceutical
term um that I had never seen before
it's a category of a
drug and it it's based on the fil thron
is that drug that gives you the sexual
drive right if I can give you a drug and
I can turn you into a
nomaniac I can turn you into a
Seder right do you see how I did both
sides right now we just have to do the
hermaphroditic combo and we got the
universe it's fantastic this is what
they're doing right oh I told you it was
going to be sexy we've got saders
running around with this new type of
drug so on one side the field trone
gives you this sexual drive but there's
another class that caus you to
rage and the thought came to my
mind
why would you want to
rage in sexual
frenzy why would you want to rage for
the sake of The Purge imagine yourself
satanic congregation sit on your throne
and please for a
minute imagine
yourself under the
influence of maniac
rage and complete and
total panicked sexual
frenzy you don't care what's going to
happen to the nymphs that you
chase this is
non-consensual this is
panic from the God himself do you
understand why pan
now why
pan is called the nymph
[Music]
Chaser
yeah yeah fascinating
fascinating cult and mystery these
Christians have going it's absolutely
gorgeous give us this next one giv or
that same one I gota I gotta actually
read it watch what this happen this is
pretty cool um salame R um God the Lord
has heard your prayer stretch out your
hand right to the child and touch him
because her hand was burned up man she
got burning hands right what are they
doing in these female reproductive
tracts that causes
paralysis that causes a intense
sensation
of being consumed by fire what are they
what do they have in these
concoctions right we know they're using
the purple I'm going to show you that in
a
minute right but what is it remember the
little kid everybody take yourself take
your mind back chewy maybe you have a
picture of this remember the little kid
that was with oh God was it the one with
Jesus in the park no it wasn't one with
Jesus in the park when he was arrested
at 4:00 a.m. um when the kid was naked
it wasn't that one it was
another oh God it was another oh yeah
okay it's coming up let's just save it
go back go back to the stor look I tease
I'm a total tease I know stretch out
your hand to the child and touch him so
what's what's going to happen we're
going to have a healing that she is
hearing and what does she do she has to
reach out to that child and full of joy
Salam came to the child and touched him
and said I will worship
Him
okay
remember this is a mystery cult that I
have brought you to they are called
Christiano good
fantastic right she touched him right
she says I want to worship him right woo
and salame was
healed she went out of the cave wait a
minute did I forget to mention that this
cult was in a cave you know you and I
just came to the cult we didn't see
where we tromped in we tromped into a
cave did you wonder you thought oh God
it's because they're so poor no no no
where do you think the oracles are being
oracular right the melissi for
Generations have been raising bees and
caves and they use the bees
droning as a form of musical
hypnosis oh God absolutely gorgeous
absolutely give me the next one um
they're the priestesses right that's
what they call them the the
bees love it anyway um what's going on
youim he said let uh oh God okay now
look what have I done I'm just bringing
you to a scene here right it's like
imagine we're going from place to place
in history now I've brought you a child
that when it's three years old they take
it and they donate it to the temple
dudes right to what
what do I have to explain to you the art
of the lace days if I have to tell you
one more time I will but it'll cost you
on your little
[Music]
dushy this is a system this is a system
when Jesus Christ is getting crucified
between two
La um and he's screaming when he gets
arrested with a naked kid I'm not a I'm
not a what do he say I'm not a pervert
no he said I'm not a a pedo no he didn't
say that either he said I'm not a
trafficker yeah this is business people
what you think was going on in the
temple with all the teenagers kicking
over their [ __ ] and stuff yeah this is
economic do you want to see the
economics here and the
corruption oh god look into the
Mysteries people never trust me when I
tell them I'm GNA show you tonight Peter
St Peter would cut your throat in an
instant yeah so if you ever see him at a
gate don't turn your back on him right
don't turn your back watch this what he
does you're gonna love this people it's
the black Bible
right Jesus touched me that way Elvis
does everyone love Elvis I do he's great
let us call the undefiled daughters of
the Hebrews that's what we need
undefiled hey gents let's collect some
children and let each one take a lamp oh
that's nice but not for the reason that
you would thank let these be burning in
order the child may not turn back and
her heart be enticed away from the
Temple of the Lord do you know what they
are burning they are burning
drugs they are
raising
girls this is a
temple and it involves the exchange of
currencies from all over the
world yeah Mediterranean Middle East
Africa right cool cool okay not cool in
the sense of what they're doing right
right fantastic it's those burning hands
ladies give it to me next one oh God
late delivery oh all right hold on what
do we do with these threeyear
olds right well just in case just in
case um you do not understand what is
going on in these honest Cults let us
spell it out for you are you ready raava
this is this is talmudic right we're
talking about the
mishna right these are the earliest of
the early most influential documents
within the
monest sect that you and I call
Judaism right fantastic there was
another one another mon sect called
Christianity we're sitting with them in
their
Mysteries but we're walking in the
temple of Jerusalem isn't that lovely
where do you think they're taking these
little baby
girls huh let's see what happens thank
you monest raava said that this is what
the mission is saying okay explain this
stuff to us please an adult man who was
engaged in intercourse with a minor girl
less than three years old has done
nothing as intercourse with a girl less
than three years old is tant him out to
poking a finger into the
eye in the case of an eye after a tear
Falls from it another tear forms to
replace it
similarly
Geniuses the ruptured hman of the girl
younger than three is
restored what do you do
with a drugged
three-year-old in a
temple full of
dudes what do you do who can be there do
you know who can be there leave that up
for a minute chewy who can be there in
the temple this is history people it's
I'm reading you just a text this is just
a translation of a text I have no ideas
about it I have no opinions about it
it's a
text right right this is a
library
nothing is
Canon nothing is
Cannon
fantastic it's that's how we preserve
the evidence people right where did we
end up there we ended up with a with the
idea oh god let's okay let's get through
that passage before you know um I want
to get through this quickly because some
of this some of your sources from
Antiquity or late Antiquity are very
very difficult to deal with and this is
one of those we have to you know people
are
averse to teaching the
Bible I
think just the
opposite those
aversions should attract us
as
lessons we should be using history
reading history so that we can
learn yeah fantastic don't you love it
don't you love it I love it I I think
it's brilliant let's go one more time
let's get rid of that passage I know
it's difficult people and a young boy
who engaged in intercourse with an adult
woman okay now I want everybody just to
very very very clearly set in your
mind um that both of the things that
were just mentioned are
horrendous they're absolutely
horrendous
yeah but this is the Beating
Heart Of
monism The Joke is on
You yeah the joke's on you
and all you got to do is look at the
evidence okay so a young boy who's
engaged in intercourse with an adult
woman renders here this is halakic right
we're talking about halakic law early
Jewish law as one whose Hyman was
ruptured by wood and why would he be
talking about wood because everybody
knows and I've told you satanic
congregation the dildos from Antiquity
or um Stone the ones that are described
in the text that's I'm not an
archaeologist personally right to have a
certain amount of archaeological
training and I got the privilege of
digging at megiddo right faceless mule
is all I was just taken to it here and
there nobody cared right
um hearing voices R not like you're
thinking coming from people who were
sleeping somebody asked about that by
the way I should
announce Sunday we're having an AMA and
the address has been posted from this is
a Reddit right we'll have a subreddit
right yeah so um I'm answering questions
I'm answering questions so it' be great
time if you had any questions because I
know people do I know people do and now
I'll have a set time to sit down and
answer all your questions fantastic
let's keep going shall
we text up baby
um and with regard to the case of a
woman whose hman was ruptured by wood
itself oh by the way ancient dildo wood
Stone
glass right polished like marble right
um this is concept leather leather don't
forget the leather ones they use those
on the stage right fantastic they're big
Productions of the year the ones that
make us Democratic if you don't have a
line of paper with dildos you're not
democratic I'll tell you that fantastic
and um and so there is a dispute now
listen there's a dispute um so they're
talking about a woman who's going to be
married right and if she's already had
intercourse with a boy what is how is
this solved well one Rabbi says it's G
to cost a hundred dins and the other one
say um no one of them says 200 dins and
one of them says 100
right okay so do you
see what the focus is in the ancient
text it's on a very peculiar kind of
legality that has to do with the temple
practices with the monest Judaism
Judaism just like
Christianity
sprang from a drug use
sex
called and it turns out that according
to their opinions and Views and
practices a three-year-old can be
violated without any legal
percussions or repercussions sorry
percussions or drums we need some drums
without any legal
repercussions okay do you think the
mystery was confined to Fantasy and
fiction now you knew that satanic
congregation you knew that right
no look people sometimes you got to see
the horror right sometimes you got to
sit there and somebody's got to force
your eyes open and they've got to show
you the horror you know why that is
that's so that you will develop an
aversion to what is sick
do you understand fantastic fantastic
we're training ourselves right hail the
congregation indeed that was wonderful
fantastic put some put some more of
those goodies up as we're going along
okay give me the source chewy these
people are not paying for some good
source material
right yay lady Babylon um and her
parents went down wondering praising and
glorifying oh look these are the people
who dropped off kid right and it didn't
even turn back right child didn't even
look back she's she just went with these
Lacey and Mary was in the temple
nurtured like a
dove
now
Dove immediately sets off anybody who's
read a little bit of classical
literature as a mystery
Associated
word unfortunately
ly due to the nature the of our text
this is a translation from a Greek
original right um You can't say
precisely but if they have nailed it in
their language with the dove they're not
talking about birds they're talking
about
priestesses everybody calls them
that why do you think it was that Jesus
saw dove you think he saw that bird
pecky pecky
pecky no you remember the you remember
the prostitutes that were in the
courtyard when Peter was there after the
arrest right and they're putting his
lace stas on trial right they're
discussing what to do with them and the
prostitutes recognize Peter this is the
[Music]
dove did you wonder how she got there in
the temple Court yard how was what's she
doing there what are these people doing
there why are there so many prostitutes
around here it's a temple you
[ __ ] these are Temple
practices right you understand why
people are going in causing
disruption right eventually the Romans
were like no that's
it that's it no
nope right um Rome's pacification of the
Mediterranean um was welcomed by most
people when you got to the Backwoods and
don't make any mistake historically
Judea The Province from which both
Judaism and Christianity
sprang they found their Origins right
right there
there yeah right both of them are
Mysteries both of them are straight out
of that Temple practice where you
employ female prostitutes who are
underage and if you are involved with
one and she is
three it is okay
do you understand why there's tables of
money outside the temple do you
understand do you understand why Jesus
Christ who was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid screaming I am not a la
days do you understand why
he was in that temple with a bunch of
young kids breaking things
up oh oh don't think for a minute it was
because he had he had pure god-loving
intentions no he had his own group of
prostitutes they did the boy thing right
that's how why in one of the accounts
one of the Apostles is able to get by to
see the Judgment because he knew one of
the priests on the inside what happened
the rabbis would go fish ING with the
boys do you understand there's a reason
judges do
that on
boats of wealthy
people do you think that this is your
future is your future is a reflection of
a present that was unique it's not it's
not I love that that was from the
Watchers by the way and the people who
were asking about the Watchers just you
know somebody said that what about the
Watchers oh God love it it's a great job
if you think about it right what are you
supposed to do you just watch man you go
in
watch yeah it's
fantastic give me the next one let's go
when she was 12 years old so they took
Mary when she was 12 right right is she
she's been dedicated there since three
right and don't worry about what
happened to her because it was all legal
it was all perfectly legal right there
took place a council of the priests
right these genius priests got together
and said behold Mary has become
12 uhhuh and you know what that
means What then shall we do with her
that she may not pollute the sanctuary
of the Lord God
she's pubescent you know what that
means you know what that means your
activity with her your nourishment as
you call it of
her with the
purple um that kind of thing is going to
be very risky now because she could
conceive she could conceive and what
happens if she conceives in the temple
what do you think that child is ding
ding ding a Son of God maybe a
daughter that's
amazing that's
amazing do you see that there is no
fairy tale satanic congregation I just
want to step off for a minute and say
please tell me you
understand please tell me there's no
fantasy world right it turns out in that
way the scientists are right right now
there's
dimensions and there's um a universe
that has strings from here to there and
ways of moving and and a Brilliance to
it a story
get
thanks for that I appreciate the break I
appreciate the break give me the source
chewy please give me the source um what
are they trying to do um Mary made ready
the purple I told you right these are
Baptists that after all that we're
talking about right this is dying dying
with psychedelics how cool is that by
the way right now it burns it burns
remember where Mary Burns she Burns in
her female reproductive tract from the
time that she is
three
okay all right when she gets 12 they
decide everybody brings in a
stick they're going to mix the sticks up
and pick one out and whoever gets it
gets
her cool and the whole village comes
down the whole surrounding Jerusalem P
god let's get ah I got my stick oh look
at his stick his stick's tiny you never
gonna pick that one right and what
happens
Joseph what what's wrong with you you
old pervert oh it's a religious it's a
need I got to do it this oh yeah I'm not
going to touch you yeah whatever do you
understand your sacred holy family or a
bunch of
perverts lastic
perverts who think it's okay to violate
a child that's three years
old right it doesn't matter male or
female which one take a
pick right it's a market a human
trafficking Market you mean monism
Alan let me just get this straight
monism like Judaism Christianity
Islam those
spring from a common child trafficking
well
yes yeah those are your
Origins those your Origins
nice religions you've got yeah that's
what I'd say if I was a
watcher I'd say nice
religions guess what Zeus this one's got
to
go and what happens
boom you got a
tyrant you know you can't get rid of it
you can't get rid of it and it's going
to make make you
sick right it's How the Universe Works
buck up baby buck up and put it right
into that
music yeah oh God I love it the attitude
of these people in Antiquity oh God
fuels me it fuels me look at these
freaks let's look at another right again
remember they're taking drugs to make
them rage and be horny at the same time
saders man saders mean ADS mean
ads God punch me huh you know what I
mean give me the next
one now I'm going to bring you a little
bit of C just for a little just for a
little side look here what kind of side
window we have yeah the form this is
from Isaiah right which all of the this
is from the septu
okay which people will say well the
author was a dude named Isaiah from just
from freaking tradition they have
nothing nothing that says Isaiah was an
actual
dude right which is weird because they
do for all these
Greeks right okay the forgery I'm
telling you so we're looking at the
sepagan and what does the septu agent
say this is in Isaiah and we're talking
about
Christ's okay his form is
not you know greatly
honored right and he's not really
regarded highly by
people he is an anthropos
PL who knows how to fairin
malakia he's a what who does what this
these are the verses that the Christians
will use
these are the verses that they will
quote these are the verses that are
swimming in the mind of
Jesus these are his verses are you ready
he's a man in plag what does it mean to
be in
PL give give me the next one chewy what
does it mean to be in
plag right what are these Stripes look
Strokes Strokes you're getting hit with
something something you're getting
beaten by something right some kind of
lightning you're getting
struck right okay give me the next
one what is a man who is in this well it
comes from this Greek verb playo and
look who the first sources is they site
nander Alexa pharmica do you know who
nander was he was an ancient priest of
Apollo which means he did all the drugs
and wrote about them two of his Works
two of his works right when I say priest
of Apollo by the way you better be
thinking
musician right you better be thanking
liars and stringed instruments and
songs yeah
drugs
medicine healing this is the cult of
Apollo drugs medicine healing and music
the music is the vehicle cuz they're not
just healing your body they're healing
your mind and your
soul that's right that's right and you
won't be such a pervert isn't that a
nice side effect oh if you take this off
of society is the Watchers will tell you
you don't Purge and what happens when
you don't Purge you get a bunch of
perverts a bunch of monest
perverts somebody's going to get dressed
and dresses pretty soon I know I
know go out and get your burkers go out
and get your burkers right fantastic get
back in that house hey lady get back in
that house this this is for you this is
for all you
submissives you know who I'm talking
about submissives out there yeah you
look at him you look in your husband's
eyes you look at him and you know he
falls short you know he falls short but
you know Jesus Jesus loves him and Jesus
loves you but you know what the devil
loves you more
baby yes do you see how you put a
little it's the combos in the drugs that
they're using it's the rage Plus the
sexuality okay this is the mystery this
is what they're doing in the
temples do you understand in the temples
fantastic scary isn't it scary but you
know hey reality is scary man it's it's
dangerous and scary stuff right right
right back at you right devil says right
back at you right you know what I mean
that's Mojo one thing is the devil knows
he's got Mojo you know what I mean he
does too why so much
Mojo did you see Eve did you see her
right I wasn't about to I wasn't about
to keep her out of
that
right the mystery eyes open isn't it
gorgeous eyes open give it to
me Sting the thing what is Jesus the
prophetic man within the sting and when
I say sting what do I mean I mean real
stings look what does it say here in
Greek the one stung by the
Scorpion right stung by the
Scorpion love it and what else is this
man this prophetic man of God what
else they in the sting and the sting is
the vehicle
for the
music for the songs for the
voice do you understand that's what it
says there that's what it says there in
Greek okay very elegantly I might add
right very balanced too with that main
verb right there in the middle it's kind
of oh yeah and they've got a h and a Hos
that's sort of correlating oh God things
struck and things voiced you know what
happened happens when I strike your
bottom you
scream you
scream what happens if we are in an
ancient mystery and I have given all of
you drugs that induce hypersexuality and
drugs that induce
rage Maniac
rage what
happens people start
getting whipped now we hand out whips
beforehand right so um you
know it's a cult thing right I mean you
don't want to be spontaneous with this
stuff right somebody will grab a branch
or something
right did do you have your
Christian did you have your past to
Christian land right I'm telling you
this is the black Bible you know why
they took this stuff out man why they
say oh no we can't can't accept that it
was never unaccepted until you came
along right and what kinds of things are
trying to be covered
up right it's gorgeous the history of
these texts is absolutely
gorgeous and the good thing is you can
just let the text speak for themselves
speaking of that chewy drugs and music
have always gone together whoever said
that you're exactly right you're exactly
right has something to do with
pidea
pidea that's your brain
nourishment right more than that that's
a terrible that's that was a terrible
way to refer to it no it's more than
brain right it's your whole being it's
the nourishment of your
being right oh God and what do you need
it turns out you need a whole bunch of
stuff that grows out of the ground some
of it's fungi some of it's plants some
of its animal toxins did you know you
needed animal toxins we could have
revved you up R you could have been all
you can
be right did I say that right I don't
know you know what I mean be all you can
be right you could have been that but
you weren't why because you sucked on
chemicals that kill
you instead of the ones that are there
to make you healthy
the Watchers think that we are
stupid and I can't I can't blame them I
can't blame them that's why when people
say things like oh you're this or that
trying to compliment something you've no
stop it you know we're on a ship all
together all together and we're all
clowns bro we're all clowns welcome to
the clown car isn't that nice woo who's
driving Hitler fantastic let's go oh my
God R did you see the sharpness of that
I I rode that line I rode that line I
don't care because in the future they're
gonna find out dude give me the you know
what I mean they're all watching oh
God yeah um what is it for this son of
God this man what is he he's got to be
struck by something like a wine
overpowers the senses and by the way the
verb that this is
from is a palasan
word we know that from the double sigmas
that come out tows right those are
palasan right
thali fali it's where all those gorgeous
palasan women came from ah oh God we
need
some where are these plasan women um
wine give me the next
one oh here and people just in case you
thought the music was too far away look
plon what is a plon in Greek right look
at how the Dorian say it
plon they have these things all over the
place they don't play him as good um in
Sparta as they do in Athens trust me
right what are it's an instrument for
striking the strings of a stringed
instrument right so it's the equivalent
of a pick equivalent of a pick I would
say I think
oh so glad you could
have of a little break there it get
yourself settled that's nice
thank you very much thank you very much
now come back come back in the room sit
down we're still here we're still here
right still broadcasting you know what's
happening is trying to phase us out
right so that the timeline doesn't get
corrected I would give anything to hear
her song that's the exact I feel for you
zero right I got you you you and I we're
there we're there bro or lady friend I
don't know um who who's I don't know
it's hard to tell you know what I mean
give me the next one give me the next
one people look at this what else does
he
do the Jesus man he carries the malakan
this is straight from Isaiah's mouth
from his opening ah here's a
malakan what is that what does Jesus
know how to do give it to me Chewy give
it to me it's too much anticipation look
at this people Malia it comes monos
which means soft right soft it means a
softness right hints of persons right
some kind of weakness some moral
weakness as opposed to a CIA which is
the strength right now look at number
two what is this softness it is
kenid kenid do you know who do you know
what we just looked stumbled upon
Isaiah the prophet who doesn't really
exist back in the 8th century when they
when they um pretend he they project him
right there's no evidence zero
nothing right um anyway or for the
language for that matter um look there's
a rock with a scratching on it could be
an Al nope um how about some amulets
I'll tell you some amulets um here's the
funny thing what is
Kena Ken
the
malakia that the S engages in is
kidea give me the next one and let's see
what it is for the people who haven't
yet seen it people here what is it kidas
it's a catamite you say oh I have no
idea what that is because I don't run
around pleas tomorrow at your
workplaces right please use the term
catamite please and see if you get
any sort of response just you know do it
kind of subconsciously be walk in and
say hey Carol how you doing catamite
right and just keep on going right it
kind of it's kind of Snappy it's kind of
oh but what does it mean well in a
Victorian sense it's a lwd
fellow you know who I'm talking about
those
boys those public dancing boys what do
they do they do a special dance with
give me the next one they do a special
dance with the
booty right look at this look at this
here's the booty dance right and what is
the booty dance equal it equals the
junks a magical device and it equals
Saugus now pus is the Greek word for
buttocks and sa is the root for shake
shake your buttocks is what this word
translates says
yeah oh say so
P right do you understand what the
Christ
does the Christ is into the boy booty
dance the boy Booty
Dance Now many of you who have not yet
joined the congregation that will cause
you to feel a little bit queasy please
in order to purge that stuff take it to
somebody that you know take it to
somebody yes ancient twerking you got it
take it well except for one thing when
you twerk you don't it's not a sexual
act right it's just a dance it's just a
display we're talking the booty dance
has to do with two
people okay you understand
yeah
yeah yeah Jesus the Christ
Is Not
Innocent he do the booty dance give it
to me give me the next one or can you
show them did you get the booty dance in
there I don't know oh God you did what
is wait a minute just wait oh people
people sometimes sometimes chewy I'm
going to look this thing right in the
eye
sometimes chewy is able to reach
in
to
these ancient practices and pull out
such such a magical
beautiful oh my God what is
happening right oh no there it is there
he is now um you say wait wait a minute
Jesus Christ does not have horns okay
how many people out there satanic
congregation you're saying to yourself
now you're like oh look what he's gonna
do he's gonna give Jesus Christ
horns he's gonna give Jesus Christ horns
are you ready
Muse show me Jesus Christ with horns
show me please tonight Muse show me go
ahead and give me the next one it's
coming it's coming there's the youngs I
just wanted you to see that a spell or
Charm you got to realize we're in the
middle of drugs go give the next one but
you know that here's the say so pigus
ran okay R fine good for you and here
people is the Latin term for sacred
sodomy right Sac what is that sacred
anal intercourse the words in Latin are
Paka sakra doesn't it have a nice L Paka
Sak right you know what I mean you could
put some cast and answer or some of that
and you get a you know which is what
they're doing people what it's the
dance if you don't have any music for
this you're in the wrong place you're
just a
pervert right this is Temple stuff
people do the booty
dance right give me the next one don't
you love that oh he is you know he is
people people the horns are coming up
but I want you to know for sure I'm
gonna say God give us
sign give us a virgin who's going to
conceive and bear a child and we're
going to call his name
Immanuel
Emmanuel and everybody says oh Hebrew
Hebrew Hebrew Hebrew Hebrew who says
because that word doesn't exist anywhere
outside of Greek at the time that it is
written yeah
zero zero it doesn't
exist right what could it be what could
this Christ Prophet possibly be what is
the derivation of this
name it is the god of what the god of
what oh here no go to the next one wait
Bo is the god of what of
aanes of the Frantic
raving the
Bic Divinity in flesh with the strike of
the
[Music]
lightning yeah Judaism and Christianity
are bakic
revelries right that's why you have
saviors it's why you have visions it's
why you have a place that you can go to
you hear the voice of God and it's why
you can drop your three-year-olds off
and we'll take care of
them give me the next
one now how does this come out in the
Hebrew I'm going to show you the forgery
right consider this the news look the
devil is watching the news he's got that
nice painting of me down I like that I
like that look at that devil and by the
way for she who did this painting thank
you very much thank you very much for
allowing us to use the art I love that I
love that um what is the word I just
want you to look at a Hebrew word here
right right um and just notice first of
all the
definition right sign token Mark
Miracle a
signal as a flag a beacon a monument an
omen a prodigy evidence now if if you
ask me this looks like one of the most
complex words in ancient Hebrew that
I've ever seen because if you start
going over their lexicon you'll see it's
very basic they only have 7,000 words
and they're very basic words right so to
have one at this level is confusing to
me as somebody who studies ancient
languages now what is even more
confusing to me if you'll notice as they
did in the corresponding Greek that we
have
seon now seon is in fact everything from
that
definition
precisely uh
oh so you're telling
me people this is where it breaks this
is where um those studies go to hell
because um this is evidence showing that
this is forgery
right so you have a Greek word that
means exactly this variety everything
from the flag to the
Oracle right and in this sign the
seon you're gon to have two completely
different
languages that have one word that means
all of those varieties adding up to
exactly the same term if that's the case
it's the first time it's ever [ __ ]
happened do you understand this is a
forgery what we doing is you're seeing
the creation of a non-existent Hebrew
term to cover the
Greek to cover the
Greek and how do we know that because at
the time there is Greek and there is not
Hebrew
literature doesn't
exist it's a dead language like all the
other ones that got hit on the road by
great mother Greek
sorry right I'm not Greek it's not like
I'm promoting Greek or something Greek
people we
now
now I'm showing you the
superiority of this beautiful ancient
language
that gave us all of our talents that we
have today we can use those or we can
burn down libraries it's up to you give
me the next one ran no it's not really
this not what the devil said anyway um I
want to give you a couple of more right
um ah yeah this isn't uh look at the
bottom look at the bottom what are we
going to get people what are we going to
get we're g to get spar
microbion Sperma
microbion what is a what are we looking
for you know what Sperma is that's
seed right can also be
Offspring but what is something that is
macroon that is macroon what are we
looking for what are we looking for
we're looking for something that is long
lived right like look at this quote here
IOP
right what is that what is that well
it's the
abian
people these are look at the bottom of
the paragraph you got rodie and
nymphs who got this
thing okay um you mean long lived and oh
kind of immortal right I mean that kind
of that's where we're going exactly
we're talking the
abian what is an
abian let's summon the ghost of Thomas
or Samuel who the hell are we gonna
summon it's colorage Sam come
here oh this fraking opium addict look
at him look at
him right there that dude was so ripped
on opium yeah had a hard time man he
couldn't dump for weeks on a on a ship
once he got himself in big trouble he
was a big big big big opium user oh yeah
oh yeah there he is but in one of his
opium dreams he had a
visitation he had a visitation and what
do you think was swimming around in this
dude's mind would you be surprised if I
told you
Greek did you know there are people
through time
who have been preserving these rights
right in front of our
faces this Sam is one of them give it to
us give it to us Sam give us a little
bit of your voice baby a damsel with a
damer in a vision once I saw this isn't
an opium Vision he had it was an abini
and Maid and on her damer she played
string of Mount of
could I revive within me her Symphony
and songah Blaha give me the next
one but oh now when I took you from the
height there and now I'm slamming you
but oh that deep romantic Chasm which
slanted down the Green Hill with th a
cedar and cover a Savage place is Holy
and Enchanted as ever beneath a waning
moon was haunted by woman wailing for
her Demon
Lover do you understand do you have eyes
to see because in Xanadu did kuon a
stately pleasure Dome decree where Alf
the sacred River ran through Cavin
measureless to
man down to a sunless
sea okay
right everybody who gets
it get in the car give me the next one
e oh we're
back fantastic fantastic you can come
back people right just fast forward at
those points in one of the series of
autobiographical letters oh we're going
to read um we're going to read Sam's own
words right Thomas P we just did I mean
that was his poetry but we're going to
read his opinion of stuff right cerid
wrote at six years old I remember to
have read bellarus Robinson cruso God he
makes me sound like an idiot and then I
found the Arabian at six the Arabian
Nights one tale of I what were you doing
at six I didn't even know Jesus I think
I may have been wearing a diaper I don't
know um made so deep an impression on me
one tale of which no hang on sorry one
tale of which which one turned you on at
six the tale of a man who was compelled
to seek for a pure
virgin
okay made so deep an impression on me I
had read it in the evening while my
mother was mending
stockings that I was haunted by the spec
by the specters whenever I was in the
dark oh this poor kid really impacted
him 6 years old who put the Arabian kns
out there and I distinctly remember the
anxious and fearful eagerness with which
I used to watch the window in which the
books lay and whenever the sun lay upon
them I would seize it carry it by the
wall and bask and
read and read this is the guy who went
to the caves of
ice this is the man who is that
Prophet yeah this is the one who brings
the vision to you to you I enjoyed the
inestimable advantage of a very sensible
though at the same time a very severe
Master at the same time that we were
studying the Greek tragic poets oh God
this kid in grade school is studying
Greek tragic poets what did they do to
his
brain my god do you realize what this do
you realize what we could
do look what happened he made just read
Shakespeare and Milton well that's why
you started the Opium dude you should
have stuck with the Greek tragedy poets
um they were lessons and they were the
lessons too which required the most time
and trouble to bring up so as to escape
his Cur okay so you had a hard time who
cares right but I want you to
see I want you to see the poet who makes
the
connections and how powerful that Greek
is he's not
reading um any sort of ancient Middle
Eastern language and why is that because
all that is left are these terrible
Palace lists and this stuff this junk
that they Pawn they try to pawn it all
this is literature it is
not
literature Inky do Inky do you know what
Inky do is doing in hell you know what
he's doing in hell yeah I got a special
place for him yeah it's a hole I keep
him in the hole and every once in a
while I come by and I defecate on him
yeah I think it's
fitting for him to know what he is your
poop do you know how good it is to say
that because Scholars can't say that can
you imagine if I was at University of
big state and I said something like I'd
be sitting in my my supervisor's office
the next morning with this
recording yeah right but I can say that
I'm free and that's why you people love
me poophole
indeed right poophole do we see the
sacred we saw the sacred sodomy tonight
right we might as well we might as well
why does it stink no it doesn't stink
right it's all video Don't Worry give it
to me give it to me where we going
people don't talk don't say things that
are just scientific bro King James and
he made his grave with the wicked I
don't even know why there oh these were
terrible translations yeah these were
terrible okay keep go down to here
forget that go down here no this one
this one shy forget all that there we go
here's a nice little phrase look people
here's that thing I talked about before
the the concept right of musical sounds
they're coming from the Striking of
those chords right right when I say
chord I don't mean like musical chord um
I mean like you know um cat gut you know
whatever they use intestin that they use
to stretch out right to make their
strings for their musical instruments
right we're striking those with that
pleon and from that comes that
voice right that Cosmic
voice and you can see them what these
groups of ults are trying to harness now
you know why Jesus takes his prostitute
Apostles these teenage boys he takes
them out at night to the
Garden right now you know why he does
okay he is doing the very same thing
they're doing in the temple right he's
performing the very same practices and
it's Mary who comes out on the short end
of the stick literally
okay give me the next give me the next
it's sad it's sad you know I mean devil
hates to be sad but he also hates it
when people lie to little girls like Eve
you know what I mean look at the sound
of the sound it's an in something
endowed with speech or vocal with
f right now look at number two musically
it's used of the liar that
liar um think of it this way the
guitar if you were to hear the guitar
would you think that's the guitar
speaking if you do you have the soul of
an ancient
Greek okay if you
don't well you know maybe you got a dead
Persian inside of you or maybe I don't
know one of those one of those cians
that we can't even get near cuz those
women are fierce baby I know it's sexy
love them baby right but those women are
Fierce they won't let you get close to
them
um yeah great look at the vowels at the
bottom by the way just in case there's
music there's magic and music for those
of you who didn't know look at the very
bottom consisting of vowels only of a
spell that's why you use those vowels in
spells right because the music is part
of the magic it shares a basic element
like two I heard this I don't quite
understand it but two strings vibrating
at the same frequency you know Bo the
other one likes it oh God it finds a
sweet spot ah vibrates in that same
place you got magic and it's sexy baby
you can cause people to enter into the
state of
mania now all you
need are the drugs and the music oh God
can you imagine that let's go to to
church there I think Martha I want to go
to church there no you don't have to
come with me right oh God which one of
you perverts had that in your head let's
go
oh yeah oh what do I oh no there's a
Christ in here look at verse 12 what am
I taking this from I'm taking this from
the septu agent people I just want you
to look at the third line from the
bottom right remember when I told you
that Christ is a form of drug right you
have christing drugs and you have drugs
that you swallow and drugs that you
insert right drugs that you burn and you
have christing drugs these are the ones
that you put into the eyes typically I
told you that right right this is a
specific type this oil is not regular
oil it's a
Christ okay so this is just good
oldfashioned give me the next one this
is just good oldfashioned septu the
priests why am I giving you this because
I I want you to see that the priests
that are involved with the
three-year-old girls right that they are
these
prophetic
Christ and now you know
why now you know why those prophecies
about Christ are so important and why
some of them show up on the Hebrew
forgery and some
don't right you can take the Hebrew
forgery of the
and you can study exactly what the
motives of the people were who created
it right and the fingerprints always
there the apocalyptic fingerprint is
always there they can't
escape because that's what they were
thinking about right keep going keep
going it's okay we're just talking about
Christ keep going being connected with
prophecy right that's all um look people
I'm going to translate this straight up
and the
Lord right um came into the heavens and
he made a sound of lightning and he
judged the heights of the Earth right
and he's going to give us what he's
going to give some kind of strength to
the Kings right and he's gonna hold up
to the heights the horns of his Christ
boom I told you we just made history did
you know Jesus was horned
did you know he was horned no you didn't
but through time there have been those
of us who have and those of us who have
have tried to show you we have tried to
spell it
out right look for the horns man what
does this God do this God exalts raises
up the horned Christ
the
horned
Christ this is the
prophetic
Jesus
Yos
nice nice are we gonna pray to Y I think
we are I see you I see you Jesus Christ
with your horns I see them didn't
Michelangelo look why did look
Michelangelo put Moses in horns why
can't I show Jesus in horns right right
there he is right out of the text
Michelangelo can suck it right fantastic
give it to me right I still love you
Mike you know I do um there it is for
the raising up yeah it's the Greek for
raising up oh you know what I wanted to
show you with this this is this is funny
look at the bottom three definitions
right this is um this is the Greek verb
for that raising up and look at um
definition number three right so
what is it um astronomically it's of
planets that mount to the north of the
ecliptic what okay wait I'm I'm already
lost right please I'm sorry I told you I
was dumb look at number four astrology
of planets it's when they attain
exaltation that is maximum
apois oh no apalis Matic excuse me
efficiency what the what
this now I just want you to see we go
from a level of the Hebrew with just
basic words Run and Jump and play and
that kind of thing you go to this level
where the concepts take on a whole new
technical
expertise and that is the sign of a
well-developed
lady right there I love it you know what
I mean she's got guns on her no don't
turn your back on lady Greek you know
what I mean she will she will punch you
out give me the next one give me the
next one oh the Lord is a witness Among
Us he's the his Christ is a witness
too right so this christing figure that
was there that's involved in the malakia
it's only because the Lord has him there
wait a minute did you just say yah who
and Jesus got a thing going on between
him oh my God
what
blasphemy what blasphemy do you know why
you have a
Christ do you know why you have a Christ
because you've taken that boy in
Antiquity you've taken that boy and
you've castrated him and now you're
christing him with drugs that will force
him to be sexual and you and he will
engage welcome to the ancient monest
cult fantastic
God it's like waking up you know what I
mean it's like dude I did not sign up
for this so right well somebody's got to
bring out the trash right somebody's got
to somebody's got to point it out I got
a few more in me um look I just want you
to see in this second
line um what is the christed the
christed is the priest this is not an
unfamiliar form the whole use of drugs
and the rights look and the third line
look they use the base for the rights
themselves to describe what's going on
and by the way in this passage is B's
blood B's blood and you think oh I know
what that is you sacrifice and you B yet
no you don't know what that is and you
never will there are curatives that are
given for B's blood me because it's one
of these one of the mystery drugs um
yeah fantastic right um oh again um look
at the bottom three lines really quick
just look at the bottom line look at the
first word people zero in first word
Sab Sab o who is this
dude right who's the one they're
describing he is
zos this is that Zealot baby that Zealot
of the Lord
Sab right and what is that that's a
people that bottom left-and word that's
a word that's used in magical texts it's
a word that's used in magical text who
are we invoking
yah
yo right do you understand okay give me
the next hurry Let's go people um King
James oh the Zeal of the Lord of hosts
will perform us nice translation look
what the Hebrew does you look at the
Hebrew through the English totally
screws it up right totally right and for
those of you who have ears to hear I'm
happy I'm happy go to the next one go to
the next one the Savior said there is no
sin this is from the gospel now of Mary
uh Mary Magdalene but it is it it is you
who make sin when you do the things that
are like the nature of
adultery do you understand that like the
nature of
adultery right what is the state that
philli and Thomas and Jesus enter into
when they are with their sexual partner
who are being initiated in the cult they
consider it a form of exorcism casting
out the bad
demons right all right do you know why
Jesus is an exorcist that's a sexual
thing right all the modern-day Exorcist
it's such a laughing joke that you
perverts have jobs that were filled by a
dude that was sexually abusing people
making them eat as you know what we have
that we have that reference tonight
don't we oh Jesus we have all of you we
have all your stuff we have all your
stuff give me the next one it's almost
done but it's coming through then people
are not getting away tonight then Mary
stood up greeted them all and said to
her Brethren do not weep and do not
grieve right this is Mary who Jesus
spent more time with than he did those
kids why what do you think least she was
an
adult Jesus Christ Jesus Christ so Mary
Magdalene who's walking around with the
sex drugs you know the alabastron giving
it to
Jesus right what do you think that those
kids thought of him give me the give me
the next one what did Peter think
Peter's a a Peter's a murderer dude
Peter said to Mary sister right look at
him you remember when Mary the mother of
Jesus came to Jesus and he's like what
the hell do I have to do with you what
what do you want with me
right that's how he talked to his mother
dude right so how does Peter talk sister
we know the Savior loved you more than
the rest of women wait
what um remember the context these are
boy prostitutes of Galilee they got an
operation going right they're
Lac right ly in the plural
nice nice what does he say tell us the
words of the Savior which you remember
which you know but we do not nor have we
heard them tell us come on tell us what
did he tell you Mary answered and said
what is hidden from you I will Proclaim
to you right again remember the
difference in
age the difference in age and what is
being
communicated right this is Jesus washing
the feet of these kids
nude right remember what's being
communicated give me the next
one sister oh yeah give it to
me when
Mary she fell silent since it was to
this point that the Savior had spoken
with her okay but Andrew answered and
said to the Brethren yeah said to his
Bros say what you wish to say about what
she said right I didn't give it to you I
at least do not believe that the Savior
said this look at that somebody stands
up right no no way certainly these
teaching are strange ideas so Peter
answered and spoke concerning the same
things he questioned them about the
Savior did he really speak privately
with a woman and not openly to us are we
to turn about and listen to her did he
prefer her to us listen to the youth
listen to that
teenage masculine mentality well she
likes her if he likes her better than us
uh then Mary wept and said to Peter my
brother Peter what do you think do you
think that I have thought this up myself
in my heart right she's got to approach
him like an adult
would right okay now I see you
contending against the woman like the
adversaries right this this turns into a
fight right you think this is all holy
and ah ah Christians oh we're holy made
holy
this no Jesus was out earlier giving her
his own
ejaculate
okay all right the Christianity is not
what you thought it was um yeah let's
keep going keep going keep going look
people this is quickly then Jesus oh God
this is more the black Bible I just want
to see more Apocrypha right this is I
think we're still Coptic then Jesus the
compassionate said unto them rejoice and
exalt from this hour on for I've gone to
the regions out of which I have come
forth remember he was with them for a
period of time after the resurrection
and he got to go up right from this day
on then will I discourse with you and
openness from the beginning of the truth
unto its completion wait you're going to
tell us something in the open finally
and I will discourse with you face to
face without similitude from this hour
on I will not hide anything from you of
the mystery
of the height and of that of the region
of Truth for Authority hath been given
me through the ineffable and through the
first mystery of all Mysteries to speak
with you from the beginning right up to
the
fullness do you hear that Jesus Christ
is working a
mystery please you've got to understand
this next one you've got to understand
we have texts that show he knows what
he's doing it came to pass when I sat a
little removed from you on the Mount of
Olives that I thought on the order of
the ministry for the sake of which I was
sent that it was completed and that the
last
mystery that is the 4 and 20th mystery
from within without those which are in
the second space of the first mystery in
the orders of that space had not yet
sent me my
[Music]
vesture what the hell are you talking
about
put down the drugs Jesus and the kids
put them
down I think he's starting to believe it
give me I think he's starting to believe
his own stuff give it to me
right knew we shouldn't let him read at
that age it came to pass when I had come
into the midst of the rulers of the ions
okay people can you hear the Greek
behind it what do you think that ion is
you and I have been looking at the ion
forever it is ionic life that Christ
offers to people people not eternal life
for God so loved the world that he gave
his only begotten son that whosoever
believes in Him should not perish but
have everlasting life that phrase
everlasting life isn't there the phrase
is ionic and it's what these people are
talking about I look down on the world
of mankind oh God this drug trip is
awesome my command of the first mystery
woo I found Elizabeth the mother of John
the baptizer before she had conceived
him and I swed into her a power which I
had
received from the little
yo do you understand I am coming for you
I am coming for you in the name of
yah and I am gonna
sew that seed
oh yeah oh yeah is this universe
gorgeous or what and I left the region
behind me right because you can fly on
this stuff and came to the gate of the
second sphere which is the Fate then
were all its Gates thrown into agitation
and opened of themselves and I entered
into the houses of the Fate did you know
Jesus did this kind of
stuff right remember Paul when he says I
was in the so and so Heaven third fourth
where the hell did he go right the
landscape of the invisible is
enormous the landscape of the invisible
is enormous you'll pop your
noodle if you don't have a
guide right that PMA that Spirit has to
be your guide right or you'll end up
coming back not quite the
same right you want the born
again not the oh my god when am I going
to stop seeing these faces right you
know what I mean it well that's what
happens you know um I left that region
behind right fate I wanted to give you
fate people look at fate you can read
the Greek behind the text right just
like here where am I Isaiah learning all
my [ __ ] it's verse number
three Pro
protin his wife
is a
prophet she is a
Christ do you
understand right what is this is this a
dude Isaiah in the 8th Century no
absolutely not right this is a dude
being
constructed in the thir Century by a
people who are developing mystery
rights that will eventually if
eventually be called Judaism and
Christianity okay okay okay I see did
somebody clear out the babies right
somebody two-y olds all the two did we
take out threey olds right take them out
get them out right get them out take
them back to their mamas and say why'
you give them up that's creepy bro right
that's that's kind of creepy just
[ __ ] leave them in the woods man
right if you're gonna that's what they
did I'm telling you that's what they did
you're going to donate them to the
temple they're going to pay a price
maybe they'll come back after
you give me the next one unless you're
like Jesus in which case you can control
yours and I took from all a third of
their power this is Jesus they should
know more by the way there's a prophecy
coming up I really want you to see they
should no more be active in their
evildoing and that if the men who are in
the world invoke them in their Mysteries
those which the Angels who transgressed
brought down that is their
sorceries I drugs again smell the
Greek right in order therefore if they
invoke their evil doings blah blah blah
they can't accomplish them you see what
Jesus is doing as a transdimensional
warrior right who's into the boy butt
dancing do you understand he's dancing
his way into that Kingdom Throne when
then he had said this to his disciples
he said who ha ears to hear Let Him hear
it came to pass right he's always
repeating that mystery phrase right all
right shut up you said it enough right
right look at the Devil does he look
like he
cares make it brief it came to pass then
when Mary had heard the Savior say these
words that she gazed fixedly into the
air for a space of an hour
wait look at this right what are these
people doing oh they're surrounding
themselves with drugs they have a
mystery that is just drugs itself they
take these crazy drugs to make you horny
and want to kill someone at the same
time and what does this woman do to hear
the voice of
Jesus when she stares at the sky for an
hour for an hour now I hope that I don't
know because this is Copic but if that's
a Roman hour that's like you know it
changes at different times that's a
couple of our hours
right it's like a watch Jesus what are
you doing you're staring at the sky
right and what conclusions and Jesus the
compassionate answered and said to Mary
this is the voice right she gets in her
head when she stares at the sky for an
hour Mary thou blessed one whom I will
perfect in all mysteries of those of the
height discourse in openness thou whose
heart is raised to the kingdom of heaven
more than all thy
Brethren okay did you know that about
Mary Did You Know people considered her
at the time to be above the
apostles those Bratz From Galilee did
you know that she was the real thing man
Mary was the real thing right right I
think Peter ended up jealous or
something right doesn't it sound like
the boys are jealous and that gets my
goat that we can't bring that out you
can't say that you can't say that about
about Jesus Christ you can't talk about
the sexual dynamic
that's what the canonization is for
that's why we canonize so you can't look
Beyond The Cross of Christ to see what
the sin is that it
covers right that priest holy garments
you know what's on that priest
privates
historically historically love you
Penelope love you Penelope
go go okay take her now me the last one
I want to end people on a some kind of
Revelation here you people can help me
understand this because honestly I don't
I don't please straight from the Muse
Jesus answered and said to Mary they
will not accomplish them as they
accomplished them from the beginning
because I have taken away a third of
their power but they will raise alone
from those who know the mysteries of the
magic of the 13th ion and if they invoke
the mysteries of the magic of those who
are in the 13th ion they will accomplish
them because I have not taken away power
from that region according to the
command of the first
[Music]
mystery
fantastic do you understand what is
it that is in the mosaics that are in
the
synagogues it is
Ion it is
Ion what is it that they're doing in the
temple of Jerusalem to the Marys of the
world we
know they say it grows
back you have no
idea who you are or where you're from
thank you for coming
tonight I appreciate your time hell
Satan show me love big bags of but
purple finger sticky touch it up to mix
a lot I cannot lie I like big buttsy car
cruising up B see my my my dear and Lady
Justice I trust Vella with the leather
whip in a red cret and stiletto heels
the drug will take him to hell she back
the darkest dreams snake witch with
Dragons
dancing rock and roll the stone raning
she sent you to the Dark Harbor to pick
up the stash it's a Monster Mash try
some high purple you'll have a
bash why you so serious I'm The Man Who
Laughs lady Babylon in a
chariot by a seven headed beast dragon
and draw I love you Mama dear hell Satan
turn it up out the speakers dope twers
this tracks a banger
[Applause]